
    SEVILLE ARTS INTERVIEW TRANSCRIPT
    Date: February 04, 2025
    Participants: Steve (Host), Sigrid Eilertson (Artist)

    Host: Community Conversation.

Host: We're joined by Sigrid Eilertson, an artist with Seville Arts.

Host: She's sitting down with Steve.

Steve: All right, we touched on this at the top of the half hour.

Sigrid: We've all passed the colorful bench on the downtown outside of Seville Arts, but once you step inside the facility, what is Seville Arts? Well, many things.

Sigrid: It is an artist co-op and that means that we represent over 68 different artists and 33 of us are working members.

Sigrid: Which is really cool because when people come in, they get to meet the artists and we get to chat about what we do and what our inspiration is.

Sigrid: So it's really a cool experience and it's it's community based and we just love it.

Sigrid: Get a unique firsthand account of the art.

Sigrid: Yeah.

Steve: So what would somebody find inside when they step through the doors? Oh my goodness.

Steve: Everything.

Sigrid: We have so many skilled artisans.

Sigrid: We have woodwork.

Sigrid: We have potters, we have mosaic artists, glass artists, jewelry artists, textile artists, photographers, fine art, you name it.

Steve: Could you run through those one more time? No, I'm just kidding.

Steve: I'm trying to include everybody because then they'll get mad at me because I didn't say what they do.

Steve: But I think I summed it up.

Steve: But it's just amazing.

Steve: And the first thing people say when they walk in is you have so many beautiful things.

Steve: And it's a nice experience for people.

Steve: Not a bad first impression.

Steve: And it's affordable.

Steve: We're one of those rare, affordable galleries.

Steve: And if you're interested in maybe a visual of what's available, you're like a walking billboard today.

Steve: I am.

Sigrid: It's hard working there.

Sigrid: I mean, if something is beautiful, like, oh, I think I might get that.

Sigrid: So I do.

Sigrid: Catch-22 of sorts.

Steve: How does one apply to be a member at Civil Arts? Well, it's pretty easy.

Sigrid: Our next deadline.

Sigrid: is March 30th and you can find that information on seavillearts.org and there's a physical application you will fill out and you'll learn more about it but we're all about diversity and inclusion so anybody is welcome to apply but we do want to tell artists to put your best foot forward because we have so many skilled artisans that we want to match that.

Sigrid: You walk into the store you can see and touch things.

Sigrid: Yes.

Sigrid: If people are interested is there an online place they can go to maybe get a view of what's available? Yes we are working on our online store right now and it should be up and running full blazing I think by mid-March.

Sigrid: Okay and we talk a lot on this program about first Fridays is that something you guys participate in? Yes we do have snacks and non-alcoholic beverages and it's a real welcoming environment.

Sigrid: We really enjoy it.

Sigrid: Well we appreciate you coming in today and sharing.

Sigrid: little bit of insight with us.

Sigrid: Well, thank you.

Sigrid: I've enjoyed being here.

Sigrid: Pleasure was ours.

Sigrid: Okay..

    [End of Transcript]
    